Bot OAuth2: mention `integration_type` and Default Install Settings default (#8324)
discord/discord-api-docs: developers/topics/oauth2.mdx

If you happen to already know the ID of the guild the user will add your bot to, you can provide this ID in the URL as a `guild_id=GUILD_ID` parameter.
When the authorization page loads, that guild will be preselected in the dialog if that user has permission to add the bot to that guild. You can use this in conjunction with the parameter `disable_guild_select=true` to disallow the user from picking a different guild.

> If you don't provide the `scope` parameter, it will default to the [default install settings](/developers/resources/application#configuring-an-install-link-and-default-install-settings) set in developer portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only provide the client_id parameter (with optionally permissions, guild_id, or disable_guild_select), the authorization will use the [default install settings](/developers/resources/application#configuring-an-install-link-and-default-install-settings) configured in the developer portal. Specifying scope, integration_type, or redirect_uri will override this behavior.
```

This should be more accurate - since it's a touch more nuanced than this.
